Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be finishing off our index page by art in the CNS for the footer section.
So if we head into our custom C S S.
And then copy the comments.
Just for the mobile style section we'll call this the.
Keep in touch section.
So the footer section was roughed in the foot it Ikes.
And a background colour of purple so to make the tech stand out will set the colour to be white.
And then change the background.
The buckram call it of a purple which is 9 7 6 8 9 C.
So next we need to change the divider to be the silver colour.
So in the hange Jamal will change the divider from divider purple.
To be divided all the Dopp the energy.
And then let's create some space in between the lines for the address and also the list items.
So back in the yes.
We can do our by select in the footer list items and also the address section.
And let's increase the line height to be two.
Ms.
And that gives us a bit more space in vertically.
The social media icons are a little bit bunched up so and when I add some margin on the right side just
to separate them out a bit.
I just looked for an awesome ikons with the I.
So let's add some margin on the right side.
All 15 pixels.
That looks a lot better.
And then we want to change the buckram kalar for the copyright section at the bottom and align the text
in the centre.
So for the copyright section we'll give that an idea of copy.
So let's start by certainly text the line to be Centre.
Buck runkel little bit white.
I will set the font colour.
To be foreknown 4 6 4 6.
And the height of the div to be 60 pixels.
And also set the line height to be 60 pixels.
To put it in the text.
And then finally we'll add some margins to the top of the div.
Of 30 pixels.
Refresh.
OK.
And seem to work and sort of see what the problem is.
Sort of got the idea of copy.
I wanted to change the spelling mistake back to I.D. and save the refresh.
Okay.
That's a look back.
We've now got a separate AIDS copyright section at the very bottom of the page.
So next we need to do some work with the list items.
So we need to change the colour and also remove the bullet from the left hand side.
So we'll do this in the global section at the top.
So let's add this at the end of the global section.
So first to remove the bullet points will remove the list style.
I'll concede that to not.
Because these are links we can select the footer list item link.
And change the colour of the link to be white.
And then do the same.
But for the hover state footer elhai a.
And then hover.
So the hover colour is going to be the grey colour we've used for the text.
So that's 4 9 4 6 4 6.
And let's take a look.
That's all work and fine good.
So all looks fine for the desk top you.
Let's shrink it down to the mobile view and see if any changes need to be made.
Yeah we've got some defaults put in on the left unsigned and we also need to align the text to be in
the centre.
So it will move the default in up in the global section.
Let's do that just above the list items.
So the U L.
Let's set the podium to be zero.
That looks better.
And set the text line.
Down in the media query.
We'll do that in the footer.
Text Line to be Centre.
Okay.
So to separate the address and the foot at an ordered list I want to add a board button.
So it again will do that in the media query.
So footer or not a list.
And also the address tags.
So bored bottom.
Well so that's a one pixel and underlined to be dotted.
Now let's take a look.
That's fine so if we expand the browser.
And everything seems to be working fine.
Okay.
So that's the end of our index page for our bootstrap website.
We'll get a few more pages to do such as the blog the contact arm ball was page.
So thanks Alison and we'll see in the next video.